Document on the probes page that redirects are not followed to (#44098)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

        value: ""
```

{{< note >}}
HTTP probes will not follow redirects. It will succeed on redirect response like `302`, but will report the warning as shown below:

```none
Events:
  Type     Reason        Age                     From               Message
  ----     ------        ----                    ----               -------
  Normal   Scheduled     29m                     default-scheduler  Successfully assigned default/httpbin-7b8bc9cb85-bjzwn to daocloud
  Normal   Pulling       29m                     kubelet            Pulling image "docker.io/kennethreitz/httpbin"
  Normal   Pulled        24m                     kubelet            Successfully pulled image "docker.io/kennethreitz/httpbin" in 5m12.402735213s
  Normal   Created       24m                     kubelet            Created container httpbin
  Normal   Started       24m                     kubelet            Started container httpbin
  Warning  ProbeWarning  4m11s (x1197 over 24m)  kubelet            Readiness probe warning: <body>
```

{{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer: I think it should indicate that even though there is a warning, the probe is successful:

> If the kubelet receives a redirect where the hostname is different from the request, the outcome of the probe is treated as successful and kubelet creates an event to report the redirect failure.

        value: ""
```

{{< note >}}

> When the kubelet probes a Pod using HTTP, the default behavior is only to follows redirects if the redirect  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the kubelet probes a Pod using HTTP, it only follows redirects if the redirect  
```

> is to the same host. If the kubelet receives 11 or more redirects during probing, the probe is considered a  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to the same host. If the kubelet receives 11 or more redirects during probing, the probe is considered successful  
```

> warning and a related Event is created:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a related Event is created:  
```
